README.md, before:

# Fatique-Detection-From-Physiological-Signals

[![Python application test with Github Actions](https://github.com/el-dAna/Fatique-Detection-From-Physiological-Signals/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/el-dAna/Fatique-Detection-From-Physiological-Signals/actions/workflows/main.yml)

## Data
The  first things is to host the data reliably, transfrom it and make it ready for inferencing using the developed models. This is not done on github but on aws.
1. First an s3 bucket is created. US West (N. California) us-west-1 servers used.
ACLs was not enabled .(Objects in this bucket can be owned by other AWS accounts. Access to this bucket and its objects can be specified using ACLs.)
2. Data uploaded
3. Custom preprossing done using lambda and step funcions.

`docker build -t tag_name .`
`docker image ls`
`docker run -p 127.0.0.1:8080:8080 image_id`
`docker rmi image_id --force`
`docker rmi $(docker images -q) --force`
`docker stop container`


started docker image build but encountered errors. 


Challenges.
Running a standalone streamlit app was smooth. Packaging and running docker image had some session states apparently not initialised! uff! I changed the running port to default streamlit 8501 and it worked. 

authenticating codespaces with ecs in order to build and push image. codepaces is not a non TTY device. So i used local env to communicate with my ecs repositories. Cloud9 was not used because space on the free tier devices was not enough for pakages in requirements.txt. I got "WARNING! Using --password via the CLI is insecure. Use --password-stdin." Will use IAM role/policies in future. 
The solution was to create IAM role and attach needed policies(full access to ecs registry), then save the ID and secrete access keys of the role by running aws config on cli. Then after commands from the private ecs repository were run. Boom!

Deploy container to AWS Apprunner. Check that the port specified in the docker file is same in app runner config.

Commit message:

Update README.md -> added necessary info

README.md, after:

# Fatique-Detection-From-Physiological-Signals

[![Python application test with Github Actions](https://github.com/el-dAna/Fatique-Detection-From-Physiological-Signals/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/el-dAna/Fatique-Detection-From-Physiological-Signals/actions/workflows/main.yml)

## Data
The  first things is to host the data reliably, transfrom it and make it ready for inferencing using the developed models. This is not done on github but on aws.
1. First an s3 bucket is created. US West (N. California) us-west-1 servers used.
ACLs was not enabled .(Objects in this bucket can be owned by other AWS accounts. Access to this bucket and its objects can be specified using ACLs.)
2. Data uploaded
3. Custom preprossing done using lambda and step funcions.

`docker build -t tag_name .`
`docker image ls`
`docker run -p 127.0.0.1:8080:8080 image_id`
`docker rmi image_id --force`
`docker rmi $(docker images -q) --force`
`docker stop container`


started docker image build but encountered errors. 


Challenges.
Running a standalone streamlit app was smooth. Packaging and running docker image had some session states apparently not initialised! uff! I changed the running port to default streamlit 8501 and it worked. 

authenticating codespaces with ecs in order to build and push image. codepaces is not a non TTY device. So i used local env to communicate with my ecs repositories. Cloud9 was not used because space on the free tier devices was not enough for pakages in requirements.txt. I got "WARNING! Using --password via the CLI is insecure. Use --password-stdin." Will use IAM role/policies in future. 
The solution was to create IAM role and attach needed policies(full access to ecs registry), then save the ID and secrete access keys of the role by running aws config on cli. Then after commands from the private ecs repository were run. Boom! To communicate with s3 bucket I added corresponding policy to the same IAM role created for ecs access. I just added full access to s3 bucket policy. I will change this later to readonly when published.

Deploy container to AWS Apprunner. Check that the port specified in the docker file is same in app runner config.
